well howdy there internet people it's bo
again
so 2020 is almost over just a few days
left
good and that's how a lot of people feel
about it
they feel as though it is this year that
uh
led to all of this
that's not really the case this is the
culmination
of four years specifically
but many more in the in the run-up
this administration highlighted a whole
bunch of existing issues in this country
through its incompetence and ineptitude
the one thing that unites people
watching this channel
is that they want deep systemic change
of some sort
a whole bunch of different causes whole
bunch of different reasons but that's
the one thing
that that unites everybody watching this
2021 is going to be the year to start
to really start in earnest not because
it's a new year
not because of the biden administration
but because the
populace is primed they're ready
they want change too they look at the
government they see how the government
failed them
they look at the economic system and
they see how the economic system failed
them
and everything that has happened from
going back to the very beginning of the
trump administration
highlighted it brought it all to the
surface it wasn't that these things
didn't exist before
it's that he was incapable of
maintaining the facade
that kept most people complacent that
has changed
there are more people politically
engaged right now
than at any point in my lifetime
we have to be ready to capitalize on
that
because if you want deep systemic change
it is going to come
from you it is going to come
from individual action on your part
it's going to come from organizing your
community at the local level
it's going to come from demanding
that changes be made and when
the government isn't responsive to some
of those demands
changing it yourself filling in the gap
right now it may seem daunting because
there's still a large portion of the
population that doesn't get it
the thing is that portion of the
population is typically
middle and upper upper middle class the
reason they don't get it they don't see
it
is because it hasn't reached them yet
however i would point out that the
economic downturn
started before the public health issue
and trump's latest temper tantrum
and the slowing halting delaying
whatever you want to call it
of relief and stimulus is going to place
place those in the middle and upper
classes on
uneasy footing they're going to start to
see it as well
they're going to start to fill it
whereas right now
their main concern has been masks
lockdowns not being able to go out and
eat basically their main concern has
been
that they had to live like everybody
else
because a lot of this stuff your average
person never got to do much anyway
but they did that has upset them
when the economic system
slows as it probably will
they're going to fill it this delay by
the trump administration
it's going to have a lag even if he
signs it today or tomorrow which i don't
see is likely
it's going to cause a lag and there's
going to be a period
where there's less money moving around
that's going to impact them even more
we're at the point where we can start
moving forward where we can start
making those changes we can't rely on
biden we can't rely on the incoming
democratic administration
they're not going to do it they are
status quo
they want to go back to the period where
the facade was up that's really their
goal
because they're not feeling it at all
it is going to take individual action
towards a collective goal and that
collective goal
is that deep systemic change the
fundraiser
a whole bunch of people coming together
each doing whatever they could
created a major change it's the same
thing
it's decentralized it's sporadic but it
is organized
and that's the part that we have been
missing for so long is organization
it's not going to be a top-down
organization not to achieve this because
anything that is top down
is probably going to be operating at the
best of the system
because they're already at the top if
you want real change
you have to do it you have to get
involved and now is the time
because there is so much discontent
because there is such
a spotlight on all of the inequities in
this country
now's the time to make the change and
it's going to take you as an individual
we can't rely on political figures
political figures tend to uh
play it safe biden
is going to play it safe it's what he's
going to do
um because he wants broad appeal
the most effective people at social
change
didn't do that they had a very narrow
focus and they focused on that one issue
and they changed it
there's a whole bunch of different
priorities
out there with you all
it's going to take you acting
on the grounds and in pursuit
of what is most important to you
and if we all do it and try not to step
on
each other's toes as much as possible
we can achieve something we can move
society forward
because we have been drug back for years
for last four years specifically but
even before then
we were held back the progress wasn't
being made there are enough people
who have recognized the inherent
problems in our current government
economic system and societal structure
that are ready to move forward it's
going to be up to us
to help guide that and to help move it
along
so while you may be relieved that 2020
is coming to a close
the real work doesn't start till next
year
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good day